Configure the boot environment for a Windows installation.

Options:

<source>      	 Mount point of the Windows partition or path to
               	 a virtual disk (VHDX) file containing a Windows
               	 image. A list of partitions on the virtual disk
               	 will be displayed to assist making a selection.
-f, --firmware	 Specify the firmware type as UEFI, BIOS or BOTH.
-s, --syspath	 Mount point of the system partition. (Optional)
-d, --wbmdefault Preserve the existing default entry in {bootmgr}
                 this will be ignored when creating a new BCD store.
-n, --prodname	 Specify the display name for the new OS entry
               	 otherwise use the product name from the registry.
-l, --locale	 Specify the locale parameter. (Default is en-us)
-e, --addtoend   Add the Windows Boot Manager to the end of the
                 UEFI boot order otherwise it will be added first
                 when missing or creating new BCD stores. The WBM
                 position will be preserved by default when updating
                 existing BCD hives if already present.
-v, --verbose    Display progress for all steps in the configuration
                 process and show loader/resume GUIDs of new entry.
-c, --clean	 Remove existing BCD stores and create new entries.
-h, --help	 Display this help message.

This script will copy the boot files, if missing or outdated, from
the Windows installation located at <source> to a system partition
on either the same drive, the first block device or the root device
whichever exists. Alternatively a volume mounted at <system> can be
specified using the --syspath option. Any duplicate objects will be
deleted from an existing BCD when creating new entries. The system
template at Windows/System32/config/BCD-Template is not used.

The default firmware type is based on the current environment. UEFI
is supported on GPT and MBR disks while BIOS or BOTH requires legacy
bootable MBR partitions with boot sectors created using a tool like
ms-sys. The Windows Boot Manager will be added to the UEFI firmware
boot menu except when using the --syspath option which must rely on
the default path at /EFI/BOOT/BOOTX64.efi

Read "Windows VHDX Native Boot.txt" under the Resources folder for
instructions on setting up a Windows installation on a virtual disk.

Troubleshooting:

If errors occur during the BCD creation and updating process where
the stores can't be built or copied to the destination successfully
the temporary hivexsh scripts and BCD files will remain in the 'tmp'
folder when the tool is installed to the system. Otherwise they can
be found in the subfolder for your platform when running from the
cloned repository. These may help with resolving the issue.
